seven nifty marketing tactics to deploy
now
you've heard of all the standard
marketing tactics like seo and paid ads
or even using email marketing but
everyone's already doing that and if
you're not you should make sure you do
it check out my addency np digital where
we help with those tactics plus more
and there must be some new stuff that
very few people are doing that work
right well there is here are seven nifty
marketing tactics that you need to
deploy now
tactic number one guest carousels have
you ever heard of instagram carousels
they get crazy engagement just like this
one
but have you thought about posting these
kinds of carousels on other people's
instagram profiles not just yours but
other people's it can get you more
followers more brand awareness and even
sales you have to try it out it works
extremely well and other users in many
cases would love for you to post on
their profile assuming the content's
amazing that's the key amazing content
because it's hard to keep making amazing
content so if you can make it and give
it to others they're like wait this is
great and there's a good chance they'll
post it
make sure the profiles you hit up saying
hey you know john i'm looking to give
you free content post on your profile
check out some examples make sure they
have a similar amount of followers to
you and they're in similar industries
because they're much more likely to
accept your content then
tactic two drive traffic through
backlinks using tools one of the easiest
ways to generate links is through tools
the uber system on the neilpatel.com
site has over 24 000 unique backlinks
that's a lot by giving away a free tool
over time you'll naturally generate
links assuming the tool is good now you
don't have to build a custom tool like
me you can always use sites like
codecanyon to find tools within your
industry and just put them on your
website it really is that simple and
it'll help you generate more links plus
those links drive traffic some of those
visitors will convert into subscribers
email newsletters even purchasers tactic
number three transfer your content from
one social network to the next we all
talk about repurposing content but do
you really do it
take your winners from one social
network on to the next for example i
take my carousels from instagram and
place them on linkedin it's a great
approach to generate traffic but i want
you to take this extreme your reels that
do well on instagram should be used on
youtube by shorts and even on tiktok
your image posts that do well on
facebook should be used on other social
networks it's simple but very few
companies do it i'm not sure why because
i already spent the time and energy
creating that content
tactic four use push notifications
people don't like giving out their email
address or phone number sure you can
still collect them but a lot of people
don't like giving them away doesn't mean
that you shouldn't use email or sms
messaging
but you shouldn't stop with those
communication channels have you ever
tried push notifications using simple
tools like subscribers.com
people can subscribe to your website
literally with one click that's it
when someone visits your website they'll
be able to subscribe through their
browser they don't have to give their
email address you don't get access to
the email or their phone number they're
just literally subscribing to your
browser and once they subscribe you can
send messages through their browser
tactic 5 find content to advertise on
using tube shift youtube is a great
place to advertise on but finding videos
to show your add-on is a pain tube shift
makes it easier for markers you'll save
time and it'll show you the best
audiences and videos that you need to be
targeting that way when you show your
ads on youtube they'll convert higher
look no matter how great your creative
is if your targeting is off your ads
just won't perform as well tube shift
helps you solve this
tactic six
use charts and data within your blog
post this is a no-brainer but for some
reason people don't use as much when you
write blog posts or create content make
sure you use data and sets even if
you're citing other sources i found that
when i add stats and charts to my posts
i get roughly 32 percent more backlinks
now it doesn't always mean that those
posts get more traffic but instead
they're generating more links and those
links bring up the overall authority of
my website which helps boost my overall
site's rankings on google
tactics 7 don't forget to follow up va
text messaging when i send out emails
i'm getting roughly 30 open rates that's
really really good that's better than 99
of markers out there but text messages
have a much better read and
click-through rate on average when we
use text we find that we get 18
click-through rate i'm not talking about
open i'm talking about click
30 emails does not convert into 18
clicks on those emails to give you an
equal perspective emails usually receive
when i send them out less than four
percent click-through rate typically
it's closer to two percent collect phone
numbers and follow up with your
prospects through sms it works great and
it helps you generate more sales you
just have to use it and that's what most
people don't do but there's a lot of
tools out there like manychat that can
help you do this and it'll make your
life easier now if you need help
implementing any of these tactics or any
digital tactics check out my ad agency
np digital where the performance
marketing agency of the year because our
tactics work if you have any questions
leave a comment below i'm here to help
if you enjoyed the video like it share
it tell the people about it thank you
for watching